Simple Tools
------------
Aero Games
------------

This package includes four tools created for the development of my game “The Wall” (aero-games.com/TheWall)

More tools may be added to this package if I find the time to do it (Feel free to suggest ideas)

Keep in mind these tools were created mostly for personal use so they may be buggy or not work as expected at all times.

------------

Asset Creator

Simple Tools > Asset Creator

This tool is the foundation for the other three tools and any scripts a user may create
Each tool uses the assets created by the asset creator in unique ways

Create .assets based on custom ScriptableObject classes which can store pre-defined or realtime information

------------

Object Placement Editor

Simple Tools > Place Objects

A tool for painting and erasing prefabs.

Getting a Prefab set up

1. Make sure you have a prefab to be placed in your scene
2. Duplicate one of the example assets found in SimpleTools/MyAssets/Object Placement Prefabs
3. Assign your prefab to the "Prefab" slot in the asset
5. Assign the asset to the slot in the Place Objects window

Placing the objects

1. Make sure the object on which you are painting has a Collider
2. The erase tool erases objects only created with the Place Objects window per instance


Other

1. Do not try to undo eraser or draw strokes!!! Undo/redo has not been implemented

------------

Object Grounder Editor

Simple Tools > Ground Objects

A tool for aligning objects onto a ground surface (useful for a massive array of objects like fences).
This tool uses an asset ("derived from GroundObjectsData") to store information

1. Open the Editor Window Simple Tools > Ground Objects 
2. Select all objects in the scene view that you need to align on the ground
3. Press "Ground _ Objects"


Other

1. This DOES have undo capabilities!

------------

Development Tracker

Simple tools > Development Tracker

A tool for keeping track of version, build, and synopsis information - An asset derived from "DevelopmentTracker"
This tool modifies the asset directly, using a custom editor to interact with asset

1. Enter the build information
3. Iterate builds by pressing the "Iterate" button or modifying the input field
2. Finalize builds when the information of the build is complete

